# **MIDA: A Tool for Measuring the Web**

MIDA is a configurable web crawler built on top of Chromium
and the Chrome DevTools Protocol. It gathers a broad range of information
about the websites it visits, and it can be run locally from a single machine or
used as the backbone of a distributed crawling infrastructure.

MIDA is being actively testing on Ubuntu Linux and OS X. It should mostly work on
Windows as well, but certain features may break as Windows is not our target platform.

## Installation

To install MIDA, you simply need to download (or build) the binary and put it into your PATH.
The setup script will get the correct version for your OS, and will ensure you have the
latest version.
```
$ wget files.mida.sprai.org/setup.py
$ sudo python3 setup.py
```

## Quick Start
You can get started gathering data with MIDA right away. MIDA has *MANY* configuration options,
but it strives to use reasonable defaults. To visit a website and gather data, you
can simply type:
```
$ mida go www.illinois.edu
```
You can find the results of your crawl in the `results/` directory.

## Tasks in MIDA
The unit of work for MIDA are called "tasks", JSON-formatted specifications describing
the conditions and requirements for a site visit. The simplest version of a task would be
the following:
```json
{
    "url": "www.illinois.edu"
}
```
This is the task generated by the command in [Quick Start](#Quick Start). It specifies only
a single URL and instructs MIDA to use defaults for browser settings, data gathering settings,
and output settings.

Tasks can get much larger and more complex. You can find more details on the 